Create example hooks section in documentation (#1561)
PrestaShop/docs: modules/sample-modules/example-hooks/_index.md

---

> title: Hooks examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Hook examples
```

weight: 2
---

> # Hooks implementation examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Hook implementation examples
```

> Hooks is one of the most powerful tools to extend or modify PrestaShop with modules. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hooks are one of the most powerful tools to extend or modify PrestaShop using modules. 
```

> For a complete introduction about hooks, please read [Hooks]({{< relref "/8/modules/concepts/hooks/" >}})

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a complete introduction to hooks, please read [Hooks]({{< relref "/8/modules/concepts/hooks/" >}})
```
